Revise api reference (#4230)
refinedev/refine: documentation/docs/api-reference/core/providers/data-provider.md

## Multiple Data Providers

> **refine** gives you the ability to use multiple data providers in your app. All you need to do is to pass key and value pairs to the `dataProvider` prop of the `<Refine />` component in a form of value being the data provider and the key being the name of the data provider.

Author: "in a form of value being the data provider and the key being the name of the data provider."
unsure about this part

> **refine** gives you the ability to use multiple data providers in your app. All you need to do is to pass key and value pairs to the `dataProvider` prop of the `<Refine />` component in a form of value being the data provider and the key being the name of the data provider.

Author: ```suggestion
**refine** allows you to use multiple data providers in your app. All you need to do is pass key and value pairs to the `dataProvider` prop of the `<Refine />` component. In the pair object, the key corresponds to the data provider name, and the value corresponds to the data provider itself.
```

```

:::caution

> The `default` key is required for the default data provider and will be used as the default data provider.

Author: not exactly sure what this means

:::

> ### Usage

Author: Is this part about multiple data providers, or not? I added usage here but i am unsure about it

Author: No i mean, i added it in case it is about data providers, since it talks about usage of multiple data providers, but i can remove it if you think its unnecessary. 
Though, just below, shouldn't we then say "You can pick and use multiple data providers in two ways:

Reviewer: Which one is the second way? There might be some confusion here, we only offer a single way to define multiple data providers.

Author: https://refine.dev/docs/api-reference/core/providers/data-provider/#multiple-data-providers
I might be getting confused myself then? I am talking about the part just below this, that starts with "You can pick data providers in two ways:"
